Paul Mittleman from New York City 40
years old I live in Los Angeles
California and creative director is TC
it's interesting to think of it in terms
of sampling because the greatest part of
music at least early hip-hop music was
the idea of the sample but if you figure
in a way that dump became sampled
because it's even an interesting
position at making took on that show
they designed the shoe but the colors
were kind of sampled in a way you can
argue because they were used by the
college teams so the colors of the shoes
were given to the shoes no one's out
there with this board of like we
Michigan have to be blue and gold
Arizona had free black and gold sergey's
had to be orange and white those were
kind of he deposited in the relationship
between nineteen college basketball I
think was kind of interesting is I don't
think it's ever happened before it
wasn't like a bunch of designers like
the pan tons I think that's kind of an
interesting lost error my favorite drunk
of all-time still in Michigan 1 i've
never really thought anything that
anyone's done has been any better than
the first day i've thought the haze one
was quite good i think features on a
good one I've actually left his juicy
ones just because they were a bit more
minimal I think this could it is a blur
all of them but you know there's there's
been a lot I think what's interesting is
out of all the drunks or they become
like a canvas it's almost like a blend
t-shirt let you give it to someone and
they do their thing to it I think it's
kind of interesting over and over again
people to make different decisions on
these basic panels Nikes had a pretty
good run working with authentic
companies and keeping the people that
work for them in the forefront of
culture and as well having a really good
infrastructure to keep the background
going and Stu see has a similar
mechanism words like I want to save
church and state was definitely but
difference between creativity and
commerce somewhat in this corporate
world is good to be somewhat organic and
just throw the cards on the table of
muffin phone the dunk spans so many
different gender raise economic sport
like guys where the girls learn uptown
geez where I'm skander's when I'm hip
hop Kidz one
no the shoe fits every mark I'll give me
like some 40 year old you well before
you get some 40 i'll do it like you know
it's a starbucks I'll have his pear and
then you get a chick that's like 19 you
get some people I kind of got around hey
look it's a lot of people for a style of
I mean the air force one doesn't go
there then under the running shoes
together I don't think anyone can find a
shoe that has such a demographic if
someone can I welcome the challenge to
discuss it
you